Signature required
Sir, as the host of this auction
I am obliged to remind you again
As long as you light the glazed riding light
It means that you can afford to pay the corresponding fee.
So
Please also cooperate with us to check your funds.
Don't worry about it.
The three major consortia in the world
It will be delivered to me naturally.
If you deliberately make trouble or are unable to pay
Pick it up in public according to the rules
If I can't come up with the funds
At your disposal
Ha ha.
Waste is waste
Bragging is over the top.
The world's three largest consortia
One is the stock god
One was an oil tycoon.
Another is the richest man in the world
What right do they have?
Why give money to a trash?
Is this the more useless person?
The more you have to do everything you can to arm yourself
You trash
Who do you think you are?
Dragon Shadow God of War?
And I was guessed right by you
I am the God of War armed
Keep pretending to be a god of war
That old man is a military beast
Jinchen, I know you want to prove yourself
But do you know the consequences of doing so?
You trust me.
Everything I lost is true
It's because I let you follow me in the first place, your life and death are different
This guy?
The Shen family is going to be defeated by this trash
Xu Hao shut my stinky mouth
Even if I go begging with the police
I won't be with you scum
Okay, then I want to see your useless boyfriend
How did you pay for it?
police
Or forget it.
Yun Mei, don't worry.
Everything is under my control
Next session?
Next item in the collection
It's the finale of this auction
The jade lamp of the Qin Dynasty, known as the peerless treasure
The reserve price is 100 million
Each price increase is not less than 10 million
150 million
200 million 300 million
I 2 billion